RT TRICKS

To edit stuff like ticket status, click "Basic" in the left.

Note the multiple ways to search for tickets: you can click "All
{new,open,waiting} Scripts Tickets" on the home page in the center, or
"Scripts" on the right in the list of queues.

You should take a look in "Preferences" at the left. Make sure "Notify
yourself of own updates" is on. You can also set the "Default Working
Queue" to Scripts, and give yourself a signature referring to
scripts@mit.edu.

Another useful option here is to set an RT password for your account,
so you don't need certs to log in (though it sometimes will keep
asking you for your password on each page load if you don't have
certs) and so you can use the BarnOwl RT module or the zephyrbot.
The BarnOwl RT module is the preferred option.  To install it, run

    mkdir -p ~/.owl/modules
    cd ~/.owl/modules
    ln -s /mit/snippets/rt/BarnOwl RT

Then in BarnOwl run ":reload-module RT".  The RT module adds the :rt
command to barnowl. Run ":rt help" for more information; useful
shortcuts are ":rt r" to set the status to resolved and ":rt d" to set
the status to deleted.  The zephyrbot will take commands to -c scripts
-i [ticket number] of the form /set status=resolved or /set
owner=geofft.  Talk to ezyang to be added to the zephyrbot.

Note that in the event that Edward's account is compromised, it is
possible for an attacker to use this password do manipulate tickets in
*any* queue you have bits on, not just the Scripts one.

The RT bot will post ticket notifications as -c scripts -i nnn.  If
you are responding to a ticket, it is conventional to post "lock" to
the appropriate instance, so others know not to pre-empt you.  You
should post "unlock" once you are done handling the ticket.

You can also place these commands on a line by themselves inside
e-mail; they will be acted upon and removed before the e-mail gets
sent back out.

If you're adding a *comment* (such as when you're forwarding a cname
request on to IS&T), don't use the 'To:' field, because it'll be
clobbered by our RT scrips and the mail won't actually go to the
destination you added.  Instead, you should use the 'Cc:' field.
Similarly, if you're adding *correspondence*, the 'Cc:' field will be
clobbered and you need to use the 'To:' field.

Don't CC other RT queues, it doesn't work. If you really need to, use
your e-mail client to forward it and remove the [help.mit.edu #nnn]
tag.

E-mail to scripts-comment that carries a [help.mit.edu #nnn] tag will
be included in the ticket history for the scripts team to see, but
will not be sent to the user. You can use this for asking "Help, what
do I do here?"
